rPATH rBUILDER SOFTWARE 
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

REDISTRIBUTION NOT PERMITTED
IMPORTANT -- READ CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SOFTWARE:

The Software governed by this license agreement is a collective work under the 
U.S. Copyright laws.  Upon the use of any rBuilder Software, End User 
acknowledges that End User has reviewed and agreed to all of the terms and 
conditions set forth in this document.  If End User DOES NOT AGREE with these 
terms and conditions, DO NOT USE the Software.

As used herein, the following terms have the meanings set forth below:

“rBuilder Software” means rPath’s Software that is branded rBuilder. 

“End User” means the purchasers or licensees who have acquired the Software for 
their own personal or internal use and without the right to resale, re-market 
or otherwise distribute the Software.

“EULA” means an end user license agreement.  This EULA is a legal agreement 
between you (either an individual or an entity) and rPath, Inc. and its 
suppliers and licensors (collectively "rPath") for the rPath Software which may 
include components provided by suppliers and licensors to rPath. 

“Software” means the object code versions of the product, together with the 
updates, upgrades, modifications or enhancements owned and provided by rPath to 
you pursuant to this EULA.

BY USING THE SOFTWARE YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS LICENSE 
AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

This EULA applies to the Software applications that are made up of individual 
software components, each of which was individually written and copyrighted.  
Some of the components of the Software have their own applicable EULAs.  Those 
EULAs are located at www.rpath.com/permanent/licenses.

ANY THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ANY THIRD PARTY'S PLUG-IN, THAT MAY BE 
PROVIDED WITH THE SOFTWARE IS INCLUDED FOR USE AT YOUR OPTION. IF YOU CHOOSE TO 
USE SUCH THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, THEN SUCH USE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY SUCH THIRD 
PARTY'S LICENSE AGREEMENT. rPath IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY THIRD PARTY'S 
SOFTWARE AND SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE.

The third-party components contained in this Software may include or contain 
software licensed under the following licenses, Apache License 2.0, CPL, the 
rPath Commercial License, GNU General Public License (“GPL”), Lesser GNU 
General Public License, DB license, IBM License, CRACKLIB, and the Commercial 
Redistribution License (“Open Source Programs”).  These Open Source Programs 
are licensed pursuant to a EULA that permits the End User to copy, modify, and 
redistribute the software, in both source code and binary code forms.  Nothing 
in this EULA limits End User’s rights under, or grants the End User rights that 
supersede, the terms of any applicable Open Source Program EULA.

rPath hereby grants End User the following license to use the Software in the 
End User’s facility subject to the terms contained herein subject to the 
licenses referenced herein.  

1.  GRANT OF LICENSE. rPath hereby grants to you a non-exclusive, personal 
license to use the Software and any related documentation ("Documentation") on 
a per Developer basis to have access to the Software.  End User agrees to pay 
the applicable fee for each Developer that uses the Software.  You agree to use 
your best efforts to prevent and protect the contents of the Software and 
Documentation from unauthorized use or disclosure.

2.  LICENSE RESTRICTIONS. 
    a) You may not: (i) permit other individuals to use the Software except 
under the terms listed above; (ii) modify, translate, reverse engineer, 
decompile, disassemble (except to the extent that this restriction is expressly 
prohibited by law) or create derivative works based upon the Software or 
Documentation; (iii) copy the Software or Documentation (except for back-up or 
archival purposes); (iv) rent, lease, transfer, or otherwise transfer rights to 
the Software or Documentation; (v) remove any proprietary notices or labels on 
the Software or Documentation. Any such forbidden use shall immediately 
terminate your license to the Software. The recording, playback and download 
features of the Software are intended only for use with public domain or 
properly licensed content and content creation tools. You may require a patent, 
copyright, or other license from a third party to create, copy, download, 
record or save content files for playback by this Software or to serve or 
distribute such files to be played back by the Software.
    b) You agree that you shall only use the Software and Documentation in a 
manner that complies with all applicable laws in the jurisdictions in which you 
use the Software and Documentation, including, but not limited to, applicable 
restrictions concerning copyright and other intellectual property rights.
3.  TITLE.  Title, ownership, rights, and intellectual property rights in and 
to the Software and Documentation shall remain rPath’s and/or its suppliers.  
The Software and the Documentation are protected by the copyright laws of the 
United States and international copyright treaties.  Title, ownership rights 
and intellectual property rights in and to the content accessed through the 
Software and the Documentation ("Content") shall be retained by the applicable 
Content owner and may be protected by applicable copyright or other law.  This 
EULA gives you no rights to such Content.

4.  DATA RIGHTS.  You should be aware that rPath’s Software contains functions 
for collecting information related to your use of the Software.  rPath may also 
collect and track non-personally identifiable information about you including 
but not limited to your IP address, the type of hardware you use and the type 
of browser you employ.  rPath reserves the right to compile, save, use within 
the scope of rPath’s activities, and analyze any and all of your data 
(registration data, and use history).  rPath intends to use such data for 
internal purposes only, including without limitation for the purposes of 
responding to your requests for information and for contacting you.  rPath may 
provide aggregated statistics about your use of the Software to third parties, 
but such information will be aggregated so that it does not identify a 
particular individual or company.

5.  NO WARRANTY.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AND LICENSED "AS IS" WITHOUT 
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

6.  NO LIABILITY.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO 
EVENT WILL rPATH, INC. BE LIABLE TO END USER FOR ANY INCIDENTAL OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, OR OTHER 
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE 
THE SOFTWARE OR SOFTWARE PROGRAMS, EVEN IF rPATH, INC. OR A DEALER AUTHORIZED 
BY rPATH, INC. HAD BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO 
EVENT SHALL rPATH HAVE ANY LIABILITY HEREUNDER.

7.  COMPLETE AGREEMENT.  This EULA constitutes the entire agreement between the 
parties with respect to the Software and supersedes all prior or 
contemporaneous communications, agreements and understandings, written or oral, 
with respect to the subject matter hereof.  This EULA shall not be amended or 
modified except in a writing signed by authorized representatives of each party.

8.  GENERAL.  If any provision of this EULA is held to be unenforceable, that 
shall not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions.  This EULA 
shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina and of the United 
States, without regard to any conflict of laws provisions, except that the 
United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods shall not apply.

Copyright © 2005 - 2007.  rPath, Inc.  All rights reserved.

"rPath," “rPath” Logo, “Powered by rPath” Logo, ”rPath Appliance Platform” 
logo, “Conary,”  “rMake,” “rAA,”  “rEA,” “rBuilder,” “rBuilder” Logo, and 
“rManager” are trademarks and service marks that are the property of rPath, 
Inc. 

Revised January 29, 2007
